Update README.md (#1)
undefinedlabs/awesome-actions: README.md

- [Run Unity tests](https://github.com/webbertakken/unity-test-runner)
- [Run Cypress E2E tests](https://github.com/cypress-io/github-action)
- [Run dotenv-linter - Lints your .env files like a charm, with optional reviewdog output on the PR](https://github.com/wemake-services/dotenv-linter) 

> - [Run your instrumented tests with scope.dev for Maven projects](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/scope-for-maven) 

Reviewer: WDYT?

```suggestion
- [Automatically instrument and run your tests in your Maven project with Scope.dev](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/scope-for-maven) 
```

Author: LGTM.

Is this sentence applicable for all Scope actions?
